q)can you give brief description about yourself and day to day activities.

Answer:

I am having totaly 8.5 years experience it includes 4 years in AWSDevops and 4.5 java based application project.

Majorily i am working on setting up VPC,Ec2 instances,ELB's,S3,Autoscaling groups,RDS Datbases,writing Iam policies,Route53,cloudwatch,Secreat Manger,Cloud trials,AWS EKS services.These types of sevices i worked in.

And experience on terraform writing terraform script to create AWS infrastrcture.

And coming up to devops side worked on docker , kubernets and setting up AWS EKS cluster.Writing kubenets manifest files.And intergrating these things with jenkins pipelines.

Some experience in ansible also.

Good in SCM tool github.

currently i am working in EVoketechnoplogies,in hyderbad we worked for client CSC.They are having serveral Applications.These applications are in AWS cloud.

Our team is  resposible for entire AWS Infrastructure.My contribution is infrastructure automation done by terraform,writing terraform scripts,terraform moudles to automate terraform infrastrcute.

Writing manifest files for kubenets deployment we are using EKS cluster.

*************************************************************************************


2)What sort of infrastructeu your are managing?is it aws accounts or aws resources.

    Both the things,we have mulitple accounts,apart from it creation of resources .apart from devops implemtation taking care it.


3)what types of services you are deployed in terms of terraform?

    vpc's,vpc componets,ELB's,target groups,EC2 instances,Route53 hosted zones,IAM polices,what ever they arechitectue team is giving all those things implemetned in terraofrm.

4)when you mentioned in VPC,have you worked from scracth or subnets.

   from the scract onwards we will do,once we got approal from clients,we need to start it.

5)scanrios:you worked on vpn right?

  vpn network team will takecare.

     exaple:you have an vpn connection.

6)you have an Ec2 instances,sometimes ec2 runs an issue for example consider some issue,if we reboot automatically it resolved,how you will be automated instead of doing manually?

   Set Up CloudWatch Alarms: Create CloudWatch Alarms to monitor the relevant metrics and trigger actions when the thresholds are breached. For example, you could create an alarm to trigger when CPU utilization exceeds a certain threshold for a sustained period.

    Create an SNS Topic: Set up an Amazon Simple Notification Service (SNS) topic to send notifications when the CloudWatch alarm is triggered. This allows you to receive alerts about the detected issues.
    
    Create an AWS Lambda Function: Write a Lambda function that will be triggered by the SNS notification. This function will contain the logic to reboot the EC2 instances in response to the detected issues.

    Note:Generally SNS will do trigger Lamda function.

7) you worked on loadbalncers right,say you have system where you have couple of public EC2 instances,and one is primary and one is secondarty, mean one is larger size and one is smaller size and the company wants 70%of load the goes into larger one,30% of load will go into smaller one,how you will do it

      Need to create application load balancer.
      create Target groups.
         create two target groups one is for larger EC2 instance and one is for smaller Ec2 instance.
         Register the respective EC2 instances with their target groups.
     
      Set Target Group Weights:
         Configure the target group weighting to distribute the traffic as desired. In this case, you want 70% of the traffic to go to the larger EC2 instance and 30% to go to the smaller EC2 instance.
         Set the weight of the target group for the larger instance to 7 and the weight for the smaller instance to 3. This will achieve the desired 70/30 load distribution.

                               ***********OR****
        Using Route 53 with a weighted routing policy is another way to achieve traffic distribution based on specified weights. 


8)Requiremet:

    The comapny has lots of ec2 instances,ec2 instances having ebs volumes,if any of ebs volumes are not encrypted company want's  notify that?
       https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ig1KxKgN8ls

        Answer is : AWS config rule we need to create,this will directly triger the lamda function.Lamda function having logic to identiy the enctyped ebs volumes or not for all instances.



9)you are working with active directories?

    No.we are using  single signon 

    my work  is creating roles,my roles will be expose into that active directory that assign usrs or groups. 

    have you used AWS Active directories?
    Answer is no ,whenever any employee join they will assign that theings

10)you are using eC2 instances right,how do you login generally

    by logging using ssh

11)what is the difference between fault tolarant and high avilability?


12)how do you ensure DR for your RDS databse?

13)in your company how you are accessing aws accounts?

14)Autoscaling have you used,what sort of issue you faced,how you are resolved it.

