1.Vpc peering
    VPC peering is a networking connection between two Virtual Private Clouds (VPCs) in the same AWS region.


    No, VPC peering cannot be established between VPCs in different AWS regions. VPC peering is limited to VPCs within the same AWS region. If you need connectivity between VPCs in different regions, you have several alternative options:

        AWS Transit Gateway:
        VPN Connections:
        AWS Direct Connect:

    Yes, VPC peering can be established between VPCs in different AWS accounts as long as both accounts are within the same AWS region. T
    

    To establish a VPC peering connection, you need to create a peering request from one VPC and accept the request in the other VPC.
    Both VPCs must have non-overlapping IP ranges, and there should not be any overlapping CIDR blocks or conflicting route table entries.
    Once the peering connection is established and accepted, you can update the route tables in each VPC to allow traffic to flow between them.

2.what cases you are using vpc peering

we have multiple applications in different vpc,so one vpc want to communicate with another vpc we required internet thing generally,both are in aws account ,we need aws connect 



4.Differnt types of s3 storages and what scanrios we used these
  
   use chatpgpt

      standard strorage

      standard infrequent 

      glacier

      intelligent tiering

      glacier deeparchival
5.differne b/we stanadrd and galcier.

    standard is retriving data regular things,,

    glacier means archival process.

 6.   why do we access glacier.
     


  